(Yuma)
Last time on Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal.
(Yuma) Shark's gone.
It's all my fault.
(Tori) Hey, Flip's back!
(Astral)
Shark's defeat has
severed the fusion
between Barian World and Earth,
returning those that were
defeated in our skirmish.
Aah!
Yuma, we have finally
accomplished our goal
of gathering all
100 Number Cards.
Their combined energies
allow me to access
the Numeron Code.
It gives me
the power to rewrite
both the future and the past.
I shall use it
to fulfill my final mission
to annihilate Barian World.
You may be my friend
but I can't let you do this!
And how do you plan
to stop me, Yuma?
Do you dare
challenge me
to a duel?
You bet!
Very well, but when I win,
I will use the Numeron Code
to erase your memories.
It will be as if we never met.
(Yuma)
Astral summoned
five Utopias!
(Sparrow)
Astral's kinda intense.
(Anna)
Actually,
he's pretty scary.
What's gotten into him?
(Bronk)
Yeah, wasn't this supposed
to be a friendly duel?
Utopia Ray V
Rising Sun Star Slash!
(all gasping)
♪
♪ Still together as one
cuz divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go,
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way,
You know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time,
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today,
you just wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears are
gone, erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls
till the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our souls
can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together ♪
♪ Regret it never,
our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep,
beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing, believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪ ♪
(Astral)
Yuma, your decision to duel me
was extremely ill-advised.
You must realize
you cannot defeat me.
Huh?
Now, Yuma,
I activate the spell card
XYZ Treasure.
This allows me to draw one card
for every XYZ Monster
on the field.
So I draw five cards.
Hah!
(all gasping)
I place three cards facedown.
Your move, Yuma.
(Trey) Astral's unstoppable!
Not only does he have
five Utopias,
he just replenished
his entire hand too.
It's like watching a lion
play with his next appetizer.
None of this surprises me.
Despite Yuma's
growth as a duelist,
he is still outclassed
and outmatched.
Looks like he's given up.
What do you expect
when your best friend
is pummeling you to a pulp?
(Flip)
Guys, this friendly duel
is anything but friendly.
Astral really needs
to chill out.
He's dueling as if
Yuma is his worst enemy,
and it's getting really ugly.
So ugly I can't watch!
(Tori)
Astral's going to
destroy Barian World?
That's right.
And I'm the only one
who can stop him.
By winning our duel.
(thinking):
If they only knew the truth.
Yuma, even with
your limited intellect,
it must be clear that
it is pointless to continue.
(laughter) (gasping)
(laughing) Why would I give up?
(all gasping)
This is, like,
the best duel ever!
Whenever I played
any of the Utopias,
I could only see them
from behind,
so I never knew what they
looked like face-to-face.
And, oh man, they're cooler
and more intimidating
than I ever imagined!
This is so awesome!
I knew I'd get my chance
to see all five Utopias
if I just hung in there!
And that's why
I'll never give up.
Hope you're ready for me!
Because I'm feelin' the flow!
Can Yuma actually defeat
all five Utopias?
No, he can't.
That's right, only a Number
can destroy a Number.
And Yuma has none.
But he doesn't
look stressed out.
No he doesn't, Caswell.
Go Yuma!
You've overcome bigger hurdles
than this before!
Yeah! Thanks, Tori!
Here goes!
My turn! I draw!
Yuma, if you fail
to conquer this challenge,
there is no hope
for your future.
Ready, Astral?
I activate XYZ Treasure!
I draw one card for
each of your Utopias!
So I draw five cards!
Haa!
Next, I summon Gagaga Mancer.
Gagaga Mancer can wield
its magical staff
to resurrect
another Gagaga monster
back from the graveyard.
Welcome home, Gagaga Magician!
You will now overlay
those two, typical.
Nuh-uh,
you thought wrong!
I activate Gagagamirage!
With this trap card,
one Gagaga monster counts
as two when I XYZ Summon.
Since I have
two Gagaga monsters,
it's double the fun.
I can XYZ Summon twice!
First, I overlay
two Gagaga Mancers
to build the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon!
Round 'em up, Gagaga Cowboy.
And next,
I overlay my two
Gagaga Magicians.
I Xyz Summon
the noble warrior
Gagaga Samurai!
East meets West
to form the perfect team.
Gagaga Samurai uses
one Overlay Unit
to allow
each of my monsters
to attack twice!
Two times two equals
a total of four attacks
that'll be heading your way.
Gagaga Cowboy also
uses one Overlay Unit
to lasso up 1000 attack points!
And when it battles
your monster...
I am quite aware
that my monster
will lose 500 attack points
so I have already prepared
for that contingency.
Utopia Beyond's special ability
makes my monsters
immune to yours.
So your Cowboy does not have
enough attack points to win.
You're wrong about that,
partner.
Partner?
I activate Gagaga Mancer's
special ability!
I banish it from the graveyard
to give Gagaga Cowboy
500 more attack points!
His Cowboy is now
the strongest monster
on the field!
Attack Utopia Ray!
Yuma's on fire!
He destroyed a Number
without a Number!
My Cowboy's not done.
Stampede all over Utopia Ray V!
Yuma managed
to destroy
two Numbers!
I'll admit
that's quite impressive.
Since Utopia Ray
and Utopia Ray V
lost their special abilities,
they could be destroyed even by
monsters that weren't Numbers.
Not too shabby.
But let's see if he can
keep the momentum.
Though well executed,
your strategy was only
a momentary setback.
Gagaga Cowboy can
no longer attack.
You are all
out of options, Yuma.
'Fraid not!
I've already got
my next move planned out.
You do?
I play the spell
Gagaga Mirror Slash!
My monster transforms into
one of your monsters!
Except my monster will
be better than yours
because it can't be
destroyed in battle.
And you know what else?
When your monster is destroyed,
you take damage equal
to its attack points.
Oh, no!
Let's go, Gagaga Samurai!
Attack Utopia Beyond.
Transform!
Seeing double yet?
Rising Sun Beyond Slash!
You now take damage equal to
Utopia Beyond's attack points
for 3000 points of damage!
Ready for more?
Because my monster can
attack you once again!
This time, transform
into Utopia Ray Victory!
It's the moment of truth,
fellas.
If this attack succeeds,
Yuma will win the duel!
You got this in the bag, Yuma!
I activate the spell
Heat & Heal!
I regain life points
equal to the Number
with the lowest Rank,
so Utopia infuses me
with 2500 life points.
Utopia Ray Victory, attack!
There can be only one winner,
and it's gonna be me!
Whoa!
Astral?
I am not yet defeated, Yuma.
Heat & Heal becomes
Utopia's Overlay Unit.
I now realize
how careless
I have been.
I should have paid more
attention to your earlier words.
I knew I'd get my chance
to see all five Utopias
if I just hung in there!
"See all five."
You clearly verbalized
that you knew I would
summon all five Utopias.
You got me.
That is why you had
a strategy ready
to counteract them.
Yeah, that was the plan.
It was taking forever
to build the right deck.
My brain hurt.
Then it hit me.
In all our duels together,
you always told me to figure out
what my opponent's thinking
so that I'd have
a strategy to fight back.
So that's what I did.
And maybe, just maybe,
if I can understand
what you're thinking,
I can find a way
to change your mind
so that you'll abandon
your mission.
My odds might be
a million to one.
It could be a bazillion
trillion shabillion to one!
But that doesn't matter to me.
What does matter
is that as long as
there's a slim chance that
you'll see things my way,
then I'm going
to take those odds!
Because I'm not giving up,
and I'm not giving up on you!
You expect me
to change my mind?
How foolish.
I will never allow you
to walk away victorious, Yuma.
For I will defend Astral World!
Defend Astral World?
Any clue what
he's talking about?
Beats me, something's up.
(Quinton)
And I think
I know what.
Huh?
This is no friendly duel.
If it's true that Astral
is still battling
for the survival
of his homeworld,
he intends to destroy
Barian World.
No way!
Yuma will not
let Astral do that.
That's precisely why
Yuma is dueling Astral.
I can't imagine
the emotional toll
it's taking on him.
Astral, I place
three cards facedown
and end my turn.
That means Gagaga Cowboy's
attack points return to normal.
Now, it's my turn!
I draw!
Bring it on!
Take your best shot!
As you wish.
Utopia, attack Gagaga Cowboy!
I activate my Half Unbreak!
It stops Utopia from
destroying my monster,
and it also cuts
the damage I take
in half!
That is pointless
because I activate
the trap card Absolute Buster.
It removes Gagaga Cowboy's
protective barrier,
so it can once again
be destroyed!
This isn't good!
Rising Sun Slash!
Oh, no!
Yuma, you have improved
much as a duelist,
but your skills are
nowhere near mine.
I will always be
ten steps ahead of you.
You thought you knew
my strategies,
but you never did.
You shall not
survive much longer
against my Utopia.
(thinking):
Utopia.
You were the very first
Xyz Monster I summoned.
I'll never forget
that day because
it was the moment that
changed my life forever.
When things got rough,
you were there to pull me
out of the fire.
I knew I'd always
have a shot to win
as long as you were by my side.
But now you're not by my side.
I have to fight you!
I have to defeat
you and Astral.
It just feels
all kinds of wrong.
But I've got no choice
but to keep dueling!
I draw!
I activate the spell
Gagaga Revenge!
This card resurrects
a Gagaga monster
from my graveyard!
Get back on your saddle,
Gagaga Cowboy!
Time for a showdown.
Here I go.
Gagaga Cowboy, attack Utopia!
But why?!
What gives?!
Why's he attacking
with Gagaga Cowboy
when Utopia has
more attack points?!
The stress must've
gotten to Yuma because
this attack is nuts.
Utopia has 1000
more attack points
than Gagaga Cowboy.
Since Yuma only has
900 life points,
he will lose, so why...
(gasps)
He has some other strategy
in store for me.
I activate Utopia's
special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
it stops your
Gagaga Cowboy's attack!
Light Wing Shield!
Your attack did
not succeed, Yuma.
You're right about that.
Just as I planned.
What did you say?
I play the Trap
Light Wing Bumper!
Since Utopia stopped my attack,
it loses all its
special abilities
and 800 attack points.
So I would have won
if I did not stop your attack.
You outplayed me.
Yeah, it was totally risky
but a risk that
I was willing to take!
Now Gagaga Samurai!
Destroy Utopia!
Gagaga Samurai!
Aww, yeah!
That was impressive.
Truly.
Only a courageous fool
would launch such a
self-destructive maneuver.
But I expected nothing less.
(laughter)
Yuma destroyed
all five Utopias!
He's the cat's meow!
Man, I haven't had
a duel this fun
in the longest time.
I just wish that's...
all we were dueling for.
Barian World is
the enemy of Astral World.
It must be extinguished.
It ain't fair, Astral.
It's like
every single time I duel,
the fate of the galaxy
is at stake.
And look what it cost me.
I had to say goodbye
to Shark, Kite,
some of my closest friends!
I was never gonna
pick up my deck again
until you said
your dumb mission
wasn't over
and dragged me into this duel!
Why do I always have to duel
with something on the line?
But was this not the only way
I could force you
to duel again?
Huh?
Yuma, you have
always maintained
that all problems can be solved
through dueling,
so let me see you try!
I activate
Rank-Down-Magic
Utopia Fall!
Rank down instead of up?
That is correct!
I rebuild the Overlay Network.
I overlay Utopia
to Xyz Summon a monster
with a lower Rank.
Xyz De-Evolution!
Come on out,
Number 39:
Utopia Roots!
Utopia Roots?!
Why did you rank down?
You must've really
wanted that monster.
I place one card face down
and end my turn!
My turn!
I draw!
I activate the spell
Number Fortification!
It equips on to Utopia Roots
and provides it with
1500 attack points.
Furthermore, two of my Numbers
transform into Overlay Units!
I choose Shark Drake.
And Galaxy-Eyes
Prime Photon Dragon!
I know you remember
these two Numbers.
Those were Shark's and Kite's!
Why did he pick those?
(thinking):
Yuma, these monsters
must remind you
of your duels against
Shark and Kite.
Of how your formidable enemies
became your
irreplaceable friends.
I cannot help
but to conclude that
as your duels
became more intense
and infinitely dangerous,
you were no longer
dueling to duel,
you were dueling to survive.
In the process,
you have lost something
that you cannot,
must not live without.
I hope this duel
reminds you what that is.
Attack, Utopia Roots!
Destroy Gagaga Cowboy!
No! I won't let you!
Come on, Gagaga Samurai!
By switching to defense mode,
my Samurai forces Utopia Roots
to attack it instead
of Gagaga Cowboy!
I activate the trap
Rank Revolution!
It negates
the special abilities
of all Xyz Monsters
with equal or higher Rank
than Utopia Roots.
Since Gagaga Samurai's
Rank is higher,
it can no longer
protect your Gagaga Cowboy!
Rising Sun Roots Slash!
Aah!
I am not done.
I follow it up with
the trap Overlay Accel!
Since my Xyz Monster
destroyed your monster
in battle,
it can use one Overlay Unit
to attack you again.
No way!
Utopia Roots has
three Overlay Units.
This is bad.
That means it can attack Yuma
over and over again!
I use one of Utopia Roots's
Overlay Units to attack!
Destroy Gagaga Samurai!
Aah!
I hoped to remind you
of what you have lost,
but the way you are dueling,
it was not meant to be.
(thinking):
What I lost?
What did I lose?
♪